README.md, before:

# Intelligent SMS bot via Burner, Slack, and Api.ai

By making use of [Burner's Slack connection](http://www.burnerapp.com/slack/) and [Api.ai's Slack integration](https://docs.api.ai/docs/slack-integration), you can easily create an intelligent SMS bot.


![burner api-ai slackbot mp4](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2220/13895572/a82a92ba-ed42-11e5-8960-8dc91471d64a.gif)

What's happening above:

* A user sends a text to our Burner line.
* The Burner Slack connection posts the SMS in our Slack channel.
* Our slackbot receives the SMS, parses out the sending phone number and message, and passes the message on to our Api.ai agent.
* Our Api.ai agent sends back a response, which our slackbot duly posts in the Slack channel, prepended with the phone number that sent the SMS, ensuring that our response gets sent back to the correct user.
* The Burner Slack connection sends an SMS back to the user.

## Getting Started

1. [Create an Api.ai agent.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/get-started#step-1-create-agent)
2. [Activate the general knowledge domain for your agent.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/domains)
3. [Obtain your Api.ai authentication keys.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/authentication)
4. [Create a new slackbot.](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7YS25R-bots)
5. [Obtain your Slackbot's API token.](https:/lslack.com/apps/manage/A0F7YS25R-bots)
6. [Enable the Slack connection for your Burner line.](http://www.burnerapp.com/slack/)
7. Click the handy "Deploy to Heroku" button below to deploy the bot to Heroku.

	[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

8. Enter the credentials you gathered above in the "New App" screen and click the "Create App" button.

You're all set! Try texting a question to your Burner line, and you should get a response.

## Credits

This is a fork of [Api.ai's Slack integration](https://github.com/api-ai/api-ai-slack-bot), with [minimal modifications](https://github.com/voxable-labs/burner-sms-api-ai-slackbot/pull/1/files#diff-1fdf421c05c1140f6d71444ea2b27638) needed to make the magic happen with Burner.

Commit message:

Add note about inviting the burnerbot user
Since slackbots can't send slash commands themselves, users must invite
the burnerbot to their Slack channel in order to use the legacy texting
syntax.

README.md, after:

# Intelligent SMS bot via Burner, Slack, and Api.ai

By making use of [Burner's Slack connection](http://www.burnerapp.com/slack/) and [Api.ai's Slack integration](https://docs.api.ai/docs/slack-integration), you can easily create an intelligent SMS bot.


![burner api-ai slackbot mp4](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/2220/13895572/a82a92ba-ed42-11e5-8960-8dc91471d64a.gif)

What's happening above:

* A user sends a text to our Burner line.
* The Burner Slack connection posts the SMS in our Slack channel.
* Our slackbot receives the SMS, parses out the sending phone number and message, and passes the message on to our Api.ai agent.
* Our Api.ai agent sends back a response, which our slackbot duly posts in the Slack channel, prepended with the phone number that sent the SMS, ensuring that our response gets sent back to the correct user.
* The Burner Slack connection sends an SMS back to the user.

## Getting Started

1. [Create an Api.ai agent.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/get-started#step-1-create-agent)
2. [Activate the general knowledge domain for your agent.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/domains)
3. [Obtain your Api.ai authentication keys.](https://docs.api.ai/docs/authentication)
4. [Create a new slackbot.](https://slack.com/apps/A0F7YS25R-bots)
5. [Obtain your Slackbot's API token.](https:/lslack.com/apps/manage/A0F7YS25R-bots)
6. [Enable the Slack connection for your Burner line.](http://www.burnerapp.com/slack/) **Note:** You will need to invite the `burnerbot` Slackbot to the Slack channel in which you have activated the Burner connection.
7. Click the handy "Deploy to Heroku" button below to deploy the bot to Heroku.

	[![Deploy to Heroku](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.svg)](https://heroku.com/deploy)

8. Enter the credentials you gathered above in the "New App" screen and click the "Create App" button.

You're all set! Try texting a question to your Burner line, and you should get a response.

## Credits

This is a fork of [Api.ai's Slack integration](https://github.com/api-ai/api-ai-slack-bot), with [minimal modifications](https://github.com/voxable-labs/burner-sms-api-ai-slackbot/pull/1/files#diff-1fdf421c05c1140f6d71444ea2b27638) needed to make the magic happen with Burner.
